hello everyone with you sid hi sir
hello today because our past
video from anboxing didn’t take 100 likes
as promised we do the following so what
today we open the case and operations
phoenix 10 pieces and see how it will be
yes let's open already oh park I
I guess the number 3, let's, except 3 now
we will feel penetration we think
remove the knife use the key look
As far as we are lucky this time and about
pancake on famas sergeant thanks for good
word days testes approach not senegal
until death next choose i will choose
will choose
the latest
not a dirty web of course but still
guys with the second knife twice but what the hell
not all jokes shorter will already fall
the main thing is to choose a knife, but again
soil run on the drum we have i
let's choose using a knife choose me
choose a knife and wait wait wait wait for me
like coloring flare cool
It looks beautiful I just ran a game
guys here is the answer to so
to be carried away
what drove the last
choose
Winter let herded can give us we
Grace knife a ride I see you
still shaking hands guess what
soil and soil any favorite cancellation we do not
can enter the system the day before so we
gave the land that they drove forward
what is what 38 real
national choose so choose not
giving in pvp roll
forward in pvp to heaven shorter choose
other things young not go out the soil for sure
by the way cool deal guys like you
think about 1 1 soil help 2 subject
use now see now
will fall out anyway
Well, I could not but still could the same
I would have at least some diversity to
because in a chest like a bunch
examples let 's three keys left
you can also start the countdown
let's choose 1 5 why not play
first left for three things war what
again, let's go knife and okay maybe
headlight danet
once again in one video will drop 2 clicked
then no one had a knife for that 43
it is well that what Star Trek is also taschemta
nice counter kilov continue
left two can come on come on
right right our business is right let's
we light we choose a knife we ​​choose but fat
they knife guys key
Mr. Sawyer check our luck
Baba on a good start the project is great for you
more cables
probably worth the kill count and so have
we stayed our last there is no
choice just uses it all dies
soil well of course i just had no doubt
nonetheless the guys we got the most
real knife betray real knife and
the same rule you want to see and
next he is boxing waiting for your 100 likes
I hope we appreciate it so much in this
the release was at least some luck
feel like
windows hello do not i want you
thank gaybah that i accept i am i
I am taking back the words geeb and i am geib too
handsome thank you thank you
dear subscribers hope you are watching
us and cool that you do
subscribe to our channel you became
Thank you very much for that.
so we shoot these videos to
please you inflicted they please you and
nevertheless leave your comments
what do you think she's telling her
friends and join our group
VKontakte link to it will be under
video description yes quite right and
all friends see you third role i'm bye